add script for pulling SEP content from redcap (#3)
RADAR-base/radar-self-enrolment-definitions: README.md

# radar-self-enrolment-definitions
Definition files to define the contents and behaviour of various parts of self enrolment portal such as study information, eligibility, consent and more.

The definitions are used by the self enrolment portal to render the [UI](https://github.com/RADAR-base/radar-self-enrolment-ui) and validate the user input. The definitions are written in JSON format and are loaded by the portal at runtime.

## Definitions

The definitions are divided into multiple files based on the type of information they define. The definitions are stored in the per-project directories.

#### Study Information

> The study information definitions define the study information that is displayed to the user. The study information is displayed on the home page of the portal. The study information definitions are stored in the `study_info` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The study information definitions define the study information displayed to the user on the portal's study home page. The study information definitions are stored in the `study_info` directory.
```

#### Eligibility

The eligibility definitions define the eligibility criteria that the user must meet to be able to participate in the study. The eligibility definitions are stored in the `eligibility` directory.

#### Consent

> The consent definitions define the consent form that the user must agree to before participating in the study. The consent definitions are stored in the `consent` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The consent definitions define mandatory and optional consent questions that the user must agree to before participating in the study. The consent definitions are stored in the `consent` directory.
```
